Add navigation bar and the community page (#10)
open-feature/open-feature.github.io: content/home/manifesto.md

title: "Project Manifesto"
summary: "What is this project about?"
date: 2022-02-11
weight: 1
---

> The goal of the OpenFeature project is to create an open standard for feature flag management to support a robust feature flag ecosystem using cloud native technologies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The goal of OpenFeature is to create an open standard for feature flag management to support a robust feature flag ecosystem using cloud native technologies.
```

title: "Project Manifesto"
summary: "What is this project about?"
date: 2022-02-11
weight: 1
---

> Our goal is to create an open standard for feature flag management to support a robust feature flag ecosystem using cloud native technologies.

Reviewer 2: Can we make this "The goal of the open feature project ..."  not that people confuse overall project goals with individual goals

Author: ```suggestion
The goal of the OpenFeature project is to create an open standard for feature flag management to support a robust feature flag ecosystem using cloud native technologies.
```
